---
title: renderStill()
source: Remotion Documentation
last_updated: 2024-12-22
---

# renderStill()

- [Home page](/)
- [@remotion/renderer](/docs/renderer)
- renderStill()

On this page

# renderStill()

_Part of the `@remotion/renderer` package. Available from v2.3._

Renders a single frame to an image and writes it to the specified output location.

If you want to render a video, use [renderMedia()](/docs/renderer/render-media) instead.

## Example usage [​](\#example-usage "Direct link to Example usage")

You first need to bundle the project and fetch the compositions. Read [the code snippet on the site for server-side rendering](/docs/ssr) for an example how to come up with the `bundleLocation` and `composition` variables.

```

ts

await renderStill({
  composition,
  serveUrl: bundleLocation,
  output: '/tmp/still.png',
  inputProps: {
    custom: 'data',
  },
});
```

```

ts

await renderStill({
  composition,
  serveUrl: bundleLocation,
  output: '/tmp/still.png',
  inputProps: {
    custom: 'data',
  },
});
```

## Arguments [​](\#arguments "Direct link to Arguments")

Takes an object with the following properties:

### `composition` [​](\#composition "Direct link to composition")

_VideoConfig_

An object describing a composition using `id`, `width`, `height`, `fps` and `durationInFrames`, `defaultProps` and `props`.

Call [`selectComposition()`](/docs/renderer/select-composition) or [`getCompositions()`](/docs/renderer/get-compositions) to get an array of possible configs.

### `serveUrl` [​](\#serveurl "Direct link to serveurl")

Either a local path pointing to a Remotion Webpack bundle generated by [`bundle()`](/docs/bundle) or a URL where the bundle is hosted.

### `port?` [​](\#port "Direct link to port")

Prefer a specific port that will be used to serve the Remotion project. If not specified, a random port will be used.

### `output` [​](\#output "Direct link to output")

An absolute path to where the frame should be rendered to.

### `inputProps?` [​](\#inputprops "Direct link to inputprops")

_optional_

[Input Props to pass to the selected composition of your video.](/docs/passing-props#passing-input-props-in-the-cli).

Must be a JSON object.

From the root component the props can be read using [`getInputProps()`](/docs/get-input-props).

You may transform input props using [`calculateMetadata()`](/docs/calculate-metadata).

### `frame?` [​](\#frame "Direct link to frame")

_optional - default: 0_

Which frame should be rendered based on its number. Frames are zero-indexed.

From v3.2.27, negative values are allowed, with `-1` being the last frame.

### `imageFormat?` [​](\#imageformat "Direct link to imageformat")

_optional - default: "png"_

Which output format the image should have, either `png`, `jpeg`, `webp` or `pdf`.

### `scale?` [​](\#scale "Direct link to scale")

_optional_

Scales the output dimensions by a factor. See [Scaling](/docs/scaling) to learn more about this feature.

### `jpegQuality?` [​](\#jpegquality "Direct link to jpegquality")

_optional - default: `undefined`_

Sets the JPEG quality - must be an integer between 0 and 100 and can only be passed if `imageFormat` is set to `jpeg`.

### `puppeteerInstance?` [​](\#puppeteerinstance "Direct link to puppeteerinstance")

_optional - default `null`_

An already open Puppeteer [`Browser`](/docs/renderer/open-browser) instance. Reusing a browser across multiple function calls can speed up the rendering process. You are responsible for opening and closing the browser yourself. If you don't specify this option, a new browser will be opened and closed at the end.

### `envVariables?` [​](\#envvariables "Direct link to envvariables")

_optional - default `{}`_

An object containing key-value pairs of environment variables which will be injected into your Remotion project and which can be accessed by reading the global `process.env` object.

### `logLevel?` [v4.0.115](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v4.0.115) [​](\#loglevel "Direct link to loglevel")

One of `verbose`, `info`, `warn`, `error`.

Determines how much is being logged to the console.

`verbose` will also log `console.log`'s from the browser.

Default `info`.

### `onArtifact?` [v4.0.176](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v4.0.176) [​](\#onartifact "Direct link to onartifact")

[Handle an artifact](/docs/artifacts#using-rendermedia-renderstill-or-renderframes) that was emitted by the [`<Artifact>`](/docs/artifact) component.

### `overwrite?` [​](\#overwrite "Direct link to overwrite")

_optional - default `true`_

Whether the file should be overwritten if the output already exists.

### `browserExecutable?` [v2.3.1](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v2.3.1) [​](\#browserexecutable "Direct link to browserexecutable")

_optional_

A string defining the absolute path on disk of the browser executable that should be used. By default Remotion will try to detect it automatically and download one if none is available.

### `onBrowserLog?` [v3.3.93](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v3.3.93) [​](\#onbrowserlog "Direct link to onbrowserlog")

_optional_

Gets called when your project calls `console.log` or another method from console. See the documentation for [`renderFrames`](/docs/renderer/render-frames#onbrowserlog) for more information.

### `timeoutInMilliseconds?` [v2.6.3](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v2.6.3) [​](\#timeoutinmilliseconds "Direct link to timeoutinmilliseconds")

_optional_

A number describing how long the render may take to resolve all [`delayRender()`](/docs/delay-render) calls [before it times out](/docs/timeout). Default: `30000`

### `cancelSignal?` [v3.0.15](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v3.0.15) [​](\#cancelsignal "Direct link to cancelsignal")

_optional_

A token that allows the render to be cancelled. See: [`makeCancelSignal()`](/docs/renderer/make-cancel-signal)

### `chromiumOptions?` [v2.6.5](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v2.6.5) [​](\#chromiumoptions "Direct link to chromiumoptions")

_optional_

Allows you to set certain Chromium / Google Chrome flags. See: [Chromium flags](/docs/chromium-flags).

note

Chromium flags need to be set at browser launch. If you pass an instance using [`puppeteerInstance`](#puppeteerinstance), options passed to `renderStill()` will not apply, but rather the flags that have been passed to [`openBrowser()`](/docs/renderer/open-browser).

#### `disableWebSecurity` [​](\#disablewebsecurity "Direct link to disablewebsecurity")

_boolean - default `false`_

This will most notably disable CORS among other security features.

#### `enableMultiProcessOnLinux?` [v4.0.42](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v4.0.42) [​](\#enablemultiprocessonlinux "Direct link to enablemultiprocessonlinux")

Removes the `--single-process` flag that gets passed to Chromium on Linux by default. This will make the render faster because multiple processes can be used, but may cause issues with some Linux distributions or if window server libraries are missing.

Default: `false` until v4.0.136, then `true` from v4.0.137 on because newer Chrome versions don't allow rendering with the `--single-process` flag.

This flag will be removed in Remotion v5.0.

#### `ignoreCertificateErrors?` [​](\#ignorecertificateerrors "Direct link to ignorecertificateerrors")

_boolean - default `false`_

Results in invalid SSL certificates, such as self-signed ones, being ignored.

#### `headless?` [​](\#headless "Direct link to headless")

Deprecated - will be removed in 5.0.0. With the migration to [Chrome Headless Shell](/docs/miscellaneous/chrome-headless-shell), this option is not functional anymore.

If disabled, the render will open an actual Chrome window where you can see the render happen. The default is headless mode.

#### `gl` [​](\#gl "Direct link to gl")

Changelog

- From Remotion v2.6.7 until v3.0.7, the default for Remotion Lambda was `swiftshader`, but from v3.0.8 the default is `swangle` (Swiftshader on Angle) since Chrome 101 added support for it.
- From Remotion v2.4.3 until v2.6.6, the default was `angle`, however it turns out to have a small memory leak that could crash long Remotion renders.

Select the OpenGL renderer backend for Chromium.

Accepted values:

- `"angle"`
- `"egl"`
- `"swiftshader"`
- `"swangle"`
- `"vulkan"` ( _from Remotion v4.0.41_)
- `"angle-egl"` ( _from Remotion v4.0.51_)

The default is `null`, letting Chrome decide, except on Lambda where the default is `"swangle"`

#### `userAgent` [v3.3.83](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v3.3.83) [​](\#useragent "Direct link to useragent")

Lets you set a custom user agent that the headless Chrome browser assumes.

### `offthreadVideoCacheSizeInBytes?` [v4.0.23](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v4.0.23) [​](\#offthreadvideocachesizeinbytes "Direct link to offthreadvideocachesizeinbytes")

From v4.0, Remotion has a cache for [`<OffthreadVideo>`](https://remotion.dev/docs/offthreadvideo) frames. The default is `null`, corresponding to half of the system memory available when the render starts.

This option allows to override the size of the cache. The higher it is, the faster the render will be, but the more memory will be used.

The used value will be printed when running in verbose mode.

Default: `null`

### `binariesDirectory?` [v4.0.120](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v4.0.120) [​](\#binariesdirectory "Direct link to binariesdirectory")

The directory where the platform-specific binaries and libraries that Remotion needs are located. Those include an `ffmpeg` and `ffprobe` binary, a Rust binary for various tasks, and various shared libraries. If the value is set to `null`, which is the default, then the path of a platform-specific package located at `node_modules/@remotion/compositor-*` is selected.

This option is useful in environments where Remotion is not officially supported to run like bundled serverless functions or Electron.

### `onBrowserDownload?` [v4.0.137](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/releases/v4.0.137) [​](\#onbrowserdownload "Direct link to onbrowserdownload")

Gets called when no compatible local browser is detected on the system and this API needs to download a browser. Return a callback to observe progress. [See here for how to use this option.](/docs/renderer/ensure-browser#onbrowserdownload)

### `dumpBrowserLogs?` [​](\#dumpbrowserlogs "Direct link to dumpbrowserlogs")

_optional - default `false`, deprecated in v4.0_

Deprecated in favor of [`logLevel`](#loglevel).

### `quality?` [​](\#quality "Direct link to quality")

Renamed to `jpegQuality` in `v4.0.0`.

## Return Value [​](\#return-value "Direct link to Return Value")

The return value is a promise that resolves to an object with the following keys:

- `buffer`: ( _available from v3.3.9_) A `Buffer` that only exists if no `output` option was provided. Otherwise null.

## See also [​](\#see-also "Direct link to See also")

- [Source code for this function](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/blob/main/packages/renderer/src/render-still.ts)
- [bundle()](/docs/bundle)
- [Server-Side rendering](/docs/ssr)
- [getCompositions()](/docs/renderer/get-compositions)
- [renderMedia()](/docs/renderer/render-media)
- [renderStillOnLambda()](/docs/lambda/renderstillonlambda)

[Improve this page](https://github.com/remotion-dev/remotion/edit/main/packages/docs/docs/renderer/render-still.mdx)

[Ask on Discord](https://remotion.dev/discord)

[Get help](/docs/get-help)

Last updated on **Dec 20, 2024**

[Previous\
\
renderFrames()](/docs/renderer/render-frames) [Next\
\
stitchFramesToVideo()](/docs/renderer/stitch-frames-to-video)

- [Example usage](#example-usage)
- [Arguments](#arguments)
  - [`composition`](#composition)
  - [`serveUrl`](#serveurl)
  - [`port?`](#port)
  - [`output`](#output)
  - [`inputProps?`](#inputprops)
  - [`frame?`](#frame)
  - [`imageFormat?`](#imageformat)
  - [`scale?`](#scale)
  - [`jpegQuality?`](#jpegquality)
  - [`puppeteerInstance?`](#puppeteerinstance)
  - [`envVariables?`](#envvariables)
  - [`logLevel?`](#loglevel)
  - [`onArtifact?`](#onartifact)
  - [`overwrite?`](#overwrite)
  - [`browserExecutable?`](#browserexecutable)
  - [`onBrowserLog?`](#onbrowserlog)
  - [`timeoutInMilliseconds?`](#timeoutinmilliseconds)
  - [`cancelSignal?`](#cancelsignal)
  - [`chromiumOptions?`](#chromiumoptions)
  - [`offthreadVideoCacheSizeInBytes?`](#offthreadvideocachesizeinbytes)
  - [`binariesDirectory?`](#binariesdirectory)
  - [`onBrowserDownload?`](#onbrowserdownload)
  - [`dumpBrowserLogs?`](#dumpbrowserlogs)
  - [`quality?`](#quality)
- [Return Value](#return-value)
- [See also](#see-also)
